Add examples for AD backend switching (#423)
TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl: docs/src/autodiff.md

# Gradient in AdvancedHMC.jl

> AdvancedHMC.jl supports automatic differentiation using [`LogDensityProblemsAD`](https://github.com/tpapp/LogDensityProblemsAD.jl) across various AD backends and allows user-specified gradients. While the default AD backend for AdvancedHMC.jl is ForwardDiff.jl, we can seamlessly change to other backend like Mooncake.jl using various syntax like `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, AutoMooncake(; config = nothing))`. While some AD backend support syntax like `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Zygote)`, `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Val(:Zygote))`, we recommend using ADTypes since that would allow you to have more freedom for specifying the AD backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdvancedHMC.jl supports automatic differentiation using [`LogDensityProblemsAD`](https://github.com/tpapp/LogDensityProblemsAD.jl) across various AD backends and allows user-specified gradients. While the default AD backend for AdvancedHMC.jl is ForwardDiff.jl, we can seamlessly change to other backend like Mooncake.jl using various syntax like `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, AutoMooncake(; config = nothing))`. While some AD backends support syntax like `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Zygote)`, `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Val(:Zygote))`, we recommend using ADTypes since that would allow you to have more freedom for specifying the AD backend:
```

```julia

> using AdvancedHMC, ADTypes, DifferentiationInterface, Mooncake, Zygote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using AdvancedHMC, ADTypes, Mooncake, Zygote
```

Author: Mooncake backend is only available together with DifferentiationInterface, see https://github.com/tpapp/LogDensityProblemsAD.jl/issues/41 and https://github.com/tpapp/LogDensityProblemsAD.jl/pull/42

# Gradient in AdvancedHMC.jl

> AdvancedHMC.jl supports automatic differentiation using [`LogDensityProblemsAD`](https://github.com/tpapp/LogDensityProblemsAD.jl) across various AD backends and allows user-specified gradients. While the default AD backend for AdvancedHMC.jl is ForwardDiff.jl, we can seamlessly change to other backend like Mooncake.jl using various syntax like `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, AutoMooncake(; config = nothing))`. Different AD backend can also be pluged in using `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Zygote)`, `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Val(:Zygote))` but we recommend using ADTypes since that would allow you to have more freedom for specifying the AD backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdvancedHMC.jl supports automatic differentiation using [`LogDensityProblemsAD`](https://github.com/tpapp/LogDensityProblemsAD.jl) across various AD backends and allows user-specified gradients. While the default AD backend for AdvancedHMC.jl is ForwardDiff.jl, we can seamlessly change to other backend like Mooncake.jl using various syntax like `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, AutoMooncake(; config = nothing))`. While some AD backend support syntax like `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Zygote)`, `Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Val(:Zygote))`, we recommend using ADTypes since that would allow you to have more freedom for specifying the AD backend:
```

```julia
using AdvancedHMC, DifferentiationInterface, Mooncake, Zygote
hamiltonian = Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, AutoMooncake(; config=nothing))

> hamiltonian = Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Zygote)
> hamiltonian = Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, Val{:Zygote})

Reviewer: Let's avoid using the old syntax since it is no longer encouraged 
```suggestion
hamiltonian = Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, AutoZygote())
```
